# Notes from meeting SCB SSB 2022-10-01
- All responses should have Language property that states the language of the response.
- Empty values should not be included in the response message.
- Link to self in other languages. This is done by adding a hreflang property see [Tell Google about localized versions of your page](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/specialty/international/localized-versions)
- Should we use UTC time in the responses? We will discuss this further.
- Category O should be translated to Public instead of official.
- We should not code the codes for the Category instead we should use the fulltext.
- Subject-Code should be added as a property to Table.
- A clarification the Link with rel = describedby refers to the MetaId in Paxiom.
- Could the model classes be generated as a partial class if they are generated as a Class Library? We must investigate this.
- Links should be the last property of all responses.
- The order of properties should be discussed with Jan.
- Which properties that should be required will be discussed in the next meeting.
- We will keep TOP and BOTTOM as names for the special expressions instead of suggested FIRST and LAST to be more compliant with version 1 of the API. We will add an optional OFFSET parameter with the default value of 0 so that we can select e.g. with monthly statistics to be able to select the latest 2 time periods and the corresponding periods the previous year buy the following selection TOP(2), TOP(2,12). 
